Report Date: January 31, 2023 
Effective Date: January 31, 2023 
TRANSMITTAL LETTER 
January 31, 2023 
Suzan John 
46521 Chuka 
Drive Regina, 
SK. 
S4V 3V5 
Re: Evaluation of 46521 Chuka Drive Regina, SK.  
Dear Susan, 
At your request, we have prepared a real estate report of certain real estate owned by Suzan Akin, a 
copy of which is enclosed. This report is intended for exclusive use by Suzan Akin along with their 
chosen agent and is intended only for establishing values of the subject property. 
The subject property was evaluated under the premise of Fair Market Value for internal consideration. 
The cost and market approaches to value have been considered for this report and have either 
been utilized where necessary or deemed inappropriate for the value conclusions found therein. 
Sincerely, 
Coby ball 
After a thorough analysis of the property and information made available to us, it is our opinion that 
as of the Effective Date, these assets have a Fair Market Value in Canadian Funds as shown on the 
certificate that we have prepared. 
We certify that neither we nor any of our employees have any present or future interest in the 
appraised property. The fee charged for this report was not contingent on the values reported. As 
such, the results stated in this letter of transmittal cannot be fully understood without the 
accompanying report and this letter should not be separated from the report. 
If you require any additional information, please feel free to contact me at your convenience. 
Real Estate Division Corporate Manager 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. 
2 | P age  
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
COVER LETTER ............................................................................................... 1 
TRANSMITTAL LETTER ........................................................................................ 2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ......................................................................................... 3 
CERTIFICATE OF VALUE ....................................................................................... 4 
CERTIFICATION OF INSPECTION AND REPORT…………………………………………………. 
5 
COMPANY OVERVIEW AND CONTACT INFORMATION ............................................. 6 
REPORT OVERVIEW…………………………………………………………………………………. 
6 
ASSET OVERVIEW ............................................................................................. 6 
CONDITIONS OF REPORT………………………………………………………………………….. 
7 
PURPOSE OF THIS REPORT ................................................................................... 7 
SUMMARY OF VALUE CONCLUSIONS .................................................................... 7 
SCOPE OF WORK ............................................................................................. 7 
FACTORS AFFECTING VALUE ............................................................................... 8 
VALUE TERMINOLOGY ...................................................................................... 8 
LIMITING CONDITIONS AND CRITICAL ASSUMPTIONS ................................................. 8 
CODE OF ETHICS ............................................................................................ 9 
SCHEDULE “A” ................................................................................................. 10 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
3 | P age  
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
CERTIFICATE OF VALUE 
Proof of certification that on this given date, the specified property belonging to: 
Suzan John 
46521 Chuka Drive 
Regina, SK. 
S4V 3V5 
Were personally inspected in order to determine a Fair Market Value of: 
TOTAL FAIR MARKET VALUE 
Coby Ball 
Real Estate Division Corporate Manager 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. 
$846,000.00 
THIS PAGE IS NOT A COMPLETE REPORT. THE REPORT MUST BE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY. 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
www.McDougallBay.com (306)757-1747 cory.h@mcdauction.com 
4 | P age  
CERTIFICATION OF INSPECTION AND EVALUATION 
I do hereby certify that: 
Neither Cory Hall, McDougall Auctioneers Ltd nor any of its employees have any present or future interest in the 
subject property. No prohibited fee was assessed for this report. 
Cory Hall of McDougall Auctioneers Ltd has successfully completed the Association of Saskatchewan 
REALTORS®, Real Estate as a Professional Career course. 
Cory Hall has personally reviewed the subject property; the statements of fact contained in this report are true 
and correct to the best knowledge and belief of the assessor. 
Sincerely, 
Coby Ball 
Real Estate Division Corporate Manager 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
5 | P age  
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
 
COMPANY OVERVIEW AND CONTACT INFORMATION 
 
 
Owner Name: Suzan John 
Industry: Real Estate 
Locations Inspected: 46521 Chuka Drive Regina, SK. S4V 3V5 
 
 
REPORT OVERVIEW 
 
Method of Valuation: Fair Market Value (FMV) 
Date of Valuation:  January 31, 2023 
Inspection Date: January 31, 2023 
Effective Date: January 31, 2023 
 
 
 
ASSET OVERVIEW 
 
 
Asset Type: Real Estate 
Asset Condition: N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 | P age  
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
 www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
CONDITIONS OF EVALUATION 
The value stated in this evaluation report is based on the best judgement of the evaluator, given the 
facts and conditions available at the date of valuation. 
The use of this report is limited to the purpose of determining the value of the land and buildings. This 
report is to be used in its entirety only. 
PURPOSE OF THIS REPORT 
The purpose of this report is to estimate fair market value for the subject property located in the City 
of Regina as of the effective date, January 31, 2023. 
SUMMARY OF VALUE CONCLUSIONS 
Based upon my analysis and the methodology, I estimate the Fair Market Value at 
EIGHT HUNDRED FORTY-SIX THOUSAND DOLLARS CAD ($846,000.00), as of January 31, 2023. 
The scope of my work was an examination of information supplied by Suzan Akin along with their 
chosen agent. 
SCOPE OF WORK 
In my analysis, I considered all the approaches to value (i.e., the cost approach, the sales 
comparison approach, and the income approach). The appropriate approaches were then utilized, 
and the resulting value conclusions were reconciled. 
The value opinions expressed in this report are contingent upon the analysis, facts, and conditions 
presented in the accompanying report. 
I, the appraiser do understand that this valuation is being prepared for financial consideration by 
Suzan Akin along with their chosen agent. 
Valuation process and methodology, the appraiser employed the following procedures to determine 
the value conclusions rendered herein: 
• Review and analysis of asset records and other informational materials. 
• Attended asset location to inspect and analyze the assets and equipment. 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
7 | P age  
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
VALUE TERMINOLOGY 
FAIR MARKET VALUE (FMV) 
The price at which the property would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, 
neither being under compulsion to buy or compulsion to sell and both having reasonable knowledge 
of relevant facts. 
LIMITING CONDITIONS AND CRITICAL ASSUMPTIONS 
This report and the above noted recovery values are based on a subject to the following conditions, 
qualifications, assumptions, and limitations: 
TITLE TO THE ASSETS 
No investigation has been made of, and no responsibility is assumed for, the legal description or for 
legal matters including title or encumbrances. Unless otherwise noted in this report, title to the 
property is assumed to be good and marketable. The property is valued as if it is free and clear of 
liens, easements, encroachments, and other encumbrances unless otherwise stated, and all 
improvements are assumed to lie within property boundaries. Conducting a title search is outside the 
scope of this report. 
RESPONSIBLE OWNERSHIP 
It is assumed that subject assets are under responsible ownership and competent management. No 
allowance has been made for possible liens or encumbrances that may be against the property 
other than those discussed in the report. 
STATED PURPOSE 
VALUATION DATE 
INSPECTION 
This report and report have been made only for the purpose stated within the transmittal letter and 
the body of this report. This report cannot be used for any other purpose. 
The valuation date to which the conclusions and opinions expressed in this report apply is set forth in 
the transmittal letter and in the report. The dollar amount of any value reported is based on the 
purchasing power of the Canadian dollar (or the currency specified in the report) as of that date. 
The subject assets were inspected as noted in the body of the report. When the date of inspection 
differs from the valuation date, we have assumed no material change in the condition of the 
property unless otherwise noted in the report. 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
8 | P age  
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES 
No allowance has been made nor was any consideration given to potential environmental problems 
and the possible impact those problems would have on the findings withing this report. It is assumed 
that there is full compliance with all applicable environmental regulations and laws unless non- 
compliance is stated, defined and considered in the report. We have not been engaged nor are we 
qualified to detect the existence of hazardous material, which may or may not be present on or near 
the property. The presence of potentially hazardous substances such as asbestos, urea-formaldehyde 
foam insulation, industrial wastes, etc. may affect the value of the property. The value estimate 
herein is predicated on the assumption that there is no such material on, in or near the property that 
would cause a loss in vale. No responsibility is assumed for any such conditions or for any expertise or 
engineering knowledge required to discover them. The client should retain an expert in this field if 
further information is desired. 
CHANGE IN MARKET CONDITIONS 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. is not responsible for changes in market conditions and no obligation is 
assumed to revise this report to reflect events or conditions which occur subsequent to the valuation 
date. Additionally, McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. cannot be held responsible for the inability of the 
owner to locate a purchaser at the appraised value. 
UNEXPECTED CONDITIONS 
It is assumed that there are no hidden or non-apparent conditions of the property that would affect 
the value of the subject assets. No responsibility is assumed for such conditions or for arranging for 
engineering studies that may be required to discover them. 
CONFIDENTIALITY / MARKETING 
COURT TESTIMONY 
METHOD OF VALUATION 
This report and supporting files documentation are confidential. No part of the contents of this report 
(including the report and the supporting file documentation) shall be disclosed to any party, or 
conveyed orally or in writing through advertising, public relations, news, sales, or in any other manner 
without the prior written consent and approval of both McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. and the client. 
Neither McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. or any individuals signing or associated with this report shall be 
required by reason of this report to give further consultation, to provide testimony, or appear in court 
or other legal proceedings unless specific arrangements for such services have been made. 
Since conclusions by the appraiser are based upon judgements, isolation of any single element as 
the sole basis for comparison to the whole report may be inaccurate. The effective date of the report 
establishes the current value and is not prospective or retrospective. 
These values have been determined by my experience as a previously licensed REALTOR® and in 
consultation with active and recent sales through McDougall Auctioneers Online Auction, Farmland 
Security Board, as well as active listings available through the Multiple Listing System (MLS®), etc. 
This property was assessed by multiple methods before arriving at my conclusion. The method chosen 
and applied in the evaluation of this property was The Direct Comparison Approach. 
The Direct Comparison method determines an estimate of value by comparing properties which are 
similar to the subject and are currently listed or recently sold. This approach most closely represents 
behaviors of typical buyers and sellers of real estate. 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
9 | P age  
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
CODE OF ETHICS 
COMPETENCY 
Under CPPAG, McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. must disclose if there is a lack of knowledge and/or 
experience that would not allow us to complete this report in a competent manner or to 
develop credible results. 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. and the appraiser performing this report have performed 
valuations of assets similar to the Subject Assets for various purposes in the past. In addition, the 
appraiser performing this report has the appropriate knowledge and experience to be able to 
develop credible results for the purpose and use outlined in this report. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
This report and supporting file documentation are confidential. Neither all nor any part of the 
contents of this report (including the report and the supporting file documentation) shall be 
disclosed to any party, or conveyed orally or in writing through advertising, public relations, 
news, sales, or in any other manner without the prior written consent and approval of 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. 
This Report provides a summary discussion of the data, analysis, and reasoning used by the 
appraiser toarrive at the opinions of value identified herein. A copy of this report and the data, 
reasoning, and analysis supporting our value conclusions shall remain in our files and be 
retained for a period of at least five (5) years after preparation, or at least two (2) years after 
final disposition of any judicial proceeding as required by the Records Keeping section of 
CPPAG. 
Sincerely, 
Coby Ball 
As this is an Report, the conclusions and data contained herein can only be used by the Client 
for the purpose stated. The opinions and conclusions set forth in this report may not be 
understood properly by anyone else without additional information which is contained in the 
appraiser’s work file. Neither this report, nor any of the data contained herein should be 
distributed to another party. 
Real Estate Division Corporate Manager 
McDougall Auctioneers Ltd. 
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
10 | P age  
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
The real property located at the above location consists of a house, garage, and land. This section of 
the report will describe each in turn, highlighting features, and taking notes of damage or other 
deterioration. 
The house is approximately 2768 sq. ft. over two floors. There are four bedrooms and three full 
bathrooms, and 1 half bath. The house is well appointed, and the décor is modern, and of a high 
quality. The basement is fully finished. 
On the main floor, there is a large entry way, the half bath, a glass walled office, large living room 
with a gas burning fireplace, dining area, large kitchen with an oversized island, hidden behind faux 
oversized cabinet doors is a walk-in pantry, with additional built in cabinets, counters and more. Off 
the kitchen is a mud / coat room that leads toward the triple car garage. The flooring throughout the 
main floor is a mixture of two styles of tile, and hardwood flooring. The counter tops are granite or 
quartz, the cabinetry is made by superior cabinets and are soft-close. The fireplace in the living room 
is inset into a mantle and is framed by glass fronted bookcases. Overall, the main floor is in good 
condition, but there are subtle signs of damage and deterioration. The most significant is the water 
damage on the pantry ceiling, which comes from the shower in the ensuite of the second floor. 
Other issues is the chipping on the counter tops, which is subtle due to the colour, some wear and 
tear in the entry way tiles, and a surprising amount of moisture beading on windows and doors. 
The second floor and basement is accessible by stairs off the entry way, which are floating live edge 
wood planks, the wood does not appear to have been dried prior to installation, and cracks have 
formed within the planks. A separate inspection the owners had completed, was reported to state 
that this did not have any structural issues. 
On the second floor are 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and immediately at the top of the stairs is a open 
living area, perfect for a play room, family room, or other use. The master suite consists of a large 
bedroom, walk in closet and large bathroom. You enter the master bedroom, through French doors, 
the closet is custom designed for the space, the ensuite master bathroom is tiled and has a large rain 
shower, and bathtub, which is accessed through the shower. You can exit the ensuite bathroom, via 
the bedroom or through the attached laundry room, and then into the upstairs hallway. The other 
two bedrooms on the second level are moderate rooms, with plenty of closet space. Lastly the main 
bathroom is a simpler design but still a 4-piece bathroom. The master ensuite shower reports to leak. 
This has been repaired or remediated at two different times, however new damage is present. Full 
and proper repair of this may require the removal and reinstallation of the shower, tile, and drain. 
Other issues on the second floor are broken window seal (under warranty), and more beading 
moisture on the interior of various windows. 
Going down to the basement, you enter a large recreational space divided into three areas, a 
reading or sitting area, a Bar area including Bar Table, Wet Bar and more, and lastly a media center 
for movie nights. Along the wall beside the stairs is a smaller room designed to be a wine cellar, 
adjacent to this is another small room for storage. Across from the stairs there is a short hallway, which 
leads to the final bedroom and bathroom, and the utility room. For utilities the house has a high- 
efficient natural gas furnace, on demand water boiler, water softener, and air exchange. As part of 
11 | P age  
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
 
my inspection, I discovered significant moisture collecting on the intake and exhaust for the furnace, 
no water lines are present in the immediate same space, so actual cause or source of water is 
unknown. While in the basement I was shown a Radon monitoring system, that showed the short-term 
Radon levels slightly above the recommended 200 Bq/m3 at 256 Bq/m3, however the long-term 
average reported below this at 135Bq/m3. If the long-term average increased to above the 
recommended level, it is suggested by Health Canada to take steps to reduce the radon levels 
within a two-year time period. Outside of these two issues, no other significant damage was noted 
within the basement. 
 
The garage is a triple car garage, attached directly to the home, with two entryways. The garage is 
graded for drainage and has a coating sealing the concrete. The garage has two electric overhead 
doors, one double wide door, one single wide. The garage is heated via an overhead natural gas 
furnace. A few more features of the garage include a video camera and tv, for parking assistance, 
electric charging station, and built in central vacuum. The level of the garage has shifted since 
construction, so the grading is no longer effective in removing water from the garage. Additionally, 
from exterior the garage doors are no longer perfectly sealed either due to ground shift. 
The house is situated in the middle of the residential block and is located across the road from a 
playground. The back yard is fully fenced, landscaped, and has a small relaxation pool dug into the 
ground. Most of these features were only partially visible above the snow, so certain assumptions 
must be made of them. There is a cover deck coming off the back of the house, built of composite 
decking material the deck, is designed for hosting, with large expanding and sliding doors into the 
house, with lighting and sound systems built in. The rear of the property lot immediately backs on to 
the neighboring properties, with no public alley way or anything between. The lot is approximately 
5705 sq. ft. in size. Some of the damages noted in my inspection, include warping of the composite 
deck siding, the front driveway has some cracks, and to the southeast side of the driveway, there 
appears to be some erosion beneath the concrete slab. 
The house is wood frame construction, on a concrete basement. It was constructed in 2017 and was 
the 2018 Hospitals of Regina Lottery Grand Prize. The house is assessed by the City of Regina at 
$875,700 for 2023, which is the same value it was assessed for in 2022. 
 
 
Analysis: 46521 Chuka Drive  
 
 
In my comparison analysis I selected 3 properties of similar size and style and proximity. I then 
compared the properties to each other along the following criteria lines. Square Footage, Lot 
size, Number of Bedrooms, Number of Bathrooms, Garage size & type, Basement, Other features, 
and Condition of the property. Adjusting from the list price for each comparable property, positively 
or negatively, as each category warranted. The table below outlies the adjustments that I made. 
The following table was created using current and active listings on Realtor.ca 
 
 
 
 
12 | P age  
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
 www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 
 

 
I have chosen out of the comparable properties, one to be an indicator of value for the 
subject property. I chose Comparable #3 (4322 Sand Piper Crescent East Regina, SK). I 
chose this as my comparable as the total adjustment value was the smallest and had 
the fewest number of adjustments. It was adjusted for the following categories, 
Square Footage, Lot Size, Bedrooms, Bathrooms, Other Features, & Condition. The 
remaining comparables were adjusted in the more categories and the total value of the 
adjustments was greater. 
 
 
The final adjusted value for the property was $846,200.00. 
Final Estimate: 
 
The Direct Comparison Approach to Value produced the following estimate of value for the subject 
property, 46521 Chuka Drive 
 
The estimate of value by Direct Comparison was based on sales of reasonably similar properties. 
More weight is given to the Direct Comparison Approach in the final estimate of value, as it 
represents more fully the marketplace and the general behaviors of purchasers. 
The Final Estimates of Value for the subject property is: 
 
 
 
The “Fair Market” Value for the property is: 
 
Eight Hundred Forty-Six Thousand ($846,000) Dollars 
 
 
 
 
13 | P age  
P.O. Box 3081 Regina, SK S4P 3G7 
 www.McDougallBay.com  (306)757-1747  cory.h@mcdauction.com 

